// parameter
metric system (meter)
actual roof altitude (two storey)		7meter
						
						# simplified for simulation
						
prototype roof altitude				2meter#
set drone altitude for searching		5meter#
set drone altitude for releasing payload	0.5meter#


coordinate

    	+		|	+	
 	x	+y-	|	z
	-		|	-
waypoint (x,y,z)	
set drone home	 		 0,0,0.01	(aruco marker 4x4 id 0 0.15)
set bot home	 		 0,2,0.01	(aruco marker 4x4 id 1 0.15)
set home landmark		 1,1,0.01	(aruco marker 4x4 id 2 0.5)
set solarpanel landing point	-5,0,2.01	(*change accordingly)
set solarpanel depart point	-5,5,2.01	(*change accordingly)

extra: bot aruco marker 4x4 id 3 0.15


world setup
building 5x5x2


// begin
LOOP1
gripper check
drone takeoff
drone ascend until altitude 5 	 	-search
drone aruco detect (4x4 id2 0.5) 	-precision land I (bot home)
drone descend until altitude 2   
drone aruco detect (4x4 id0 0.15)	-precision land II (bot home)
drone descend until altitude 0.5	*distance sensor
gripper grip (attach)
drone ascend until altitude 5		-search
drone waypoint to solarpanel landing point *(-5,0,5)	-defined
drone descend (until shortest vertical distance < 1)	-defined
drone slowly descend (until bot landed !!!!!!!!!!!!)	-defined
gripper loose (detach)
drone ascend until altitude 5				-search
drone waypoint to home landmark
drone aruco detect (4x4 id2 0.5) 	-precision land I (drone home)
drone descend until altitude 2   
drone aruco detect (4x4 id1 0.15)	-precision land II (drone home)
drone descend until unarm

gripper check
drone takeoff
drone ascend until altitude 5 	 				-search
drone waypoint to solarpanel depart point *(-5,5,5)		-defined
drone aruco detect (4x4 id3 0.15) 				-precision land I (bot)
drone slowly descend (until able to grip!!!!!!!!!!!)	*distance sensor
gripper grip (attach)
drone ascend until altitude 5 	 			-search
drone waypoint to home landmark
drone aruco detect (4x4 id2 0.5) 			-precision land I (bot home)
drone descend until altitude 2   
drone aruco detect (4x4 id0 0.15)			-precision land II (bot home)
drone slowly descend (until bot landed !!!!!!!!!!!!)	-defined
gripper loose (detach)
drone ascend until altitude 5 	 			-search
drone waypoint to home landmark
drone aruco detect (4x4 id2 0.5) 	-precision land I (drone home)
drone descend until altitude 2   
drone aruco detect (4x4 id1 0.15)	-precision land II (drone home)
drone descend until unarm



1. arm and take off to certain altitudeA
2. locate marker id 2 then descend to certain altitude B
3. locate marker id 1 then descend to relative distance to marker at certain distance then hovers, then actuator acts to grip item
4. after that ascend back to certain altitude A
5. waypoint to certain waypoint then locate marker id 3 then descend until certain limit that indicates the payload has landed then hovers, actuator acts to release the item
6. ascend back to altitude A
7. waypoint back to home waypoint
8. locate marker id 2 then descend to certain altitude B
9. locate marker id 0 then descend until land


If say I have a source code that is ready to do precision landing of a aruco marker, but it is triggered by having a custom mode in qgroundcontrol called 'PrecisionLandingCustom'

would u suggest me to continue use it like that or,

because my algorithm needed is having the drone to
1. take off from origin, then hover
2. precision descend follow aruco marker id 2 (go descend and near the ground)
3. at certain altitude it should switch the target to aruco marker id 3 (target to be clamped) (below the target theres aruco marker 1 that is unseenable for now) then continue to descend to certain altitude and hold its position (hovering), then the actuator do gripping
4. the drone should carry the thing and ascend back to hovering alitutde
5. the drone should waypoint to a place above roof (preset waypoint)
6. the drone should descend until certain altitude and release the payload via actuator
7. the drone then fly back to waypoint above origin (preset origin)
8. the drone then precision descend follow aruco marker id 2 (landmark)
9. at certain altitude it should switch target to aruco marker id 0 to land on drone home
10. later when signal comes it should ascend and go back to roof waypoint and descend follow auroco marker id 3 and hover to clamp the target and carry it back to origin
11. descend according to aruco marker id 3 (landmark), then until certain altitude switch target to aruco marker 1 (home of the payload), then finally until certain alitude release the payload and then the 
drone shoudl ascend and land back to drone home accordingly

dont code first, I am just asking your idea if I should remain the custom mode
and how should I do it since theres so many steps of course we do step by step, like for the take off, descend, gripping, ascend back part

but in order to integrate the precision landing and the offboard control 
how would u suggest 

currently we have node to to take off, hover, and waypoint
and another node to do aruco marker tracking (according to id, then output displacement /target_pose which will feed to another node
that is the precision landing node I mentioned, it is launched as custom mode at qgroundcontrol (hold  mode -> precisionlandingcustom normally when to drone is hovering in hold mode)
